later wow it's gonna be the best jump
cut I should probably say that again
where can I pick that up hello everyone
my name is Sara DJ rims with peachy how
do you do we are in peachy enterprises
in the great New York City this is my
office and these are my two desk setups
one is not like the other this video is
sponsored by LG Thank You LG you know
I'm a fan I'm a huge fan today we are
going to be talking about V o LG 32-inch
UHD 4k monitor with Thunderbolt 3 which
means you can hook up a Thunderbolt 3
laptop like a MacBook and it will
simultaneously charge and transmit video
and audio data oh so pretty okay so oh
wait
do not open here what open here okay
here's the thing this second desk is not
only for my assistant editor but it's
also a very versatile desk where people
come sit they usually have MacBooks you
creative types so I want to make this
the most inviting beautiful MacBook
setup for you beautiful people to come
in and sit and work if you're maybe
waiting for a fellow colleague to finish
up a podcast with me well you can just
come come back here sit down with your
MacBook and get to work
oh so you can turn it the other way it's
really crazy when I think about it how
pretty much everyone who has come and
sat on this desk
other than my assistant editor has a
MacBook we are living in a Macbook world
oh so many USB see cables we are
definitely living in a USBC world did
you guys see that I got another storage
unit look how pretty it is
I just I love I need to store things I
want to make this a very beautiful clean
desk so all the junk will on there look
I have one too
three I love them I think they're so
cool swivel swivel
we have all swayable this is the
skinniest most elegant little stand I've
ever seen in my life
what a beautiful contraption so this
goes in here a Wow you just lock it like
it's hot
Wow yes I love that they have the white
backs I love it
yo that's thin that's all you need to
know let's just see what it looks like
with their stand let's look at the IO
real quick here so you have two
Thunderbolt threes you can plug in a
computer here you can also daisy chain
any other displays you would like and
have a classic display Poor's HDMI power
and then two USB type a alright I think
that's just like clicks in yeah oh I
mean that was amazing oh I mean that
already is pretty minimal wow that's
really intuitive this is where I gonna
make my Instagram story content step one
of setting up my setup how it's gonna be
is to lift this monitor off of the
tables so we're gonna add a pull on the
back and then we'll get this real estate
back so ya can be almost pushed all the
way to the wall if needed
that looks so clean okay so now it's
time to use the accessories that I'm
gonna hide away in here when people
aren't using this set up but we're gonna
set it up okay pretend like a person
just came in oh oh no they need to use
the MacBook well guess what the only
need one cable and maybe some
accessories the fact that this is all
you need to now connect a laptop to a
monitor is it's a relief because it used
to be a pain in the butt and the fact
that I can connect to a laptop so easily
I think it'll make a guess more inclined
to actually set it up to this cuz
usually people like ah now it's too much
trouble like no all you ought to do is
literally plug in one cable when cable
plug this guy in the back of the monitor
if it's my macbook more of a permanent
setup then i can use a stand like this
that basically just holds your macbook
like that right
have your computer just chilling back
here the one and only Thunderbolt 3 USB
see here we go oh it's business okay I
need a chair I mean that looks nice
weird little laptop sir as always just
like quite dings oh my god I could crush
some emails I could I'm inspired oh my
god it's like I'm home with the Magic
Mouse let's see that calendar Oh Joe
girl is Spacey
this looks so good I'm so inspired to do
work right now you know so these are the
the internal LG speakers that's pretty
clear when this is so clean - I love
that I have a whiteboard desk so this is
a very minimalist setup but I like to
have room to write things you know ooh
got an idea dude look at all this real
estate I still got yep sign me up I
haven't used my macbook in a while okay
I check email still on but a lot of my
process has moved over to my Dell I feel
like the stand is for more of the people
who want to make this their permanent
setup but I'll probably do without have
people's laptops just chill right here
that's kind of why I wanted to add the
pole to elevate the monitor because now
you have this really clean setup you
have your MacBook here you just walk in
you plug in and you get to work mmm Wow
clean beautiful now it's time for you
guys are you an artist are you a gamer
let's hop into a few more setups that
will be perfect with this monitor setup
number one is for you podcasters and
also live streamers so here's an excuse
to try out the new row caster Pro I am
featuring the Dell XPS 2 and one as the
laptop in this setup the LG monitor is
big and bright for hosting controls to
the road caster interview questions and
anything else I would need just a quick
download of the road caster Pro drivers
and I can use the road caster as my main
audio hardware for recording and
monitoring directly to Adobe Audition
Road has some cool features like
built-in audio effects you can designate
your own sound effects to each button
and it also has bluetooth for connecting
your phone setup number two for your
gamers out there
it features razors courts accessories
and this is the razor blade stealth 13
well in a previous review you know I
mentioned you have to be a bold
personality it's not just not just for
the ladies this pink it looks good the
razor blade stealth 13 is good for light
gameplay on the road but this set up is
the ultimate for gaming in multimedia
when you have the room you know the room
of a desk the star of the show is
definitely the razor core X which is
paired with a RT X 2070 I really like
the quartz color paired with the matte
black speakers the razor and Nomo Pro
which sound and look incredible a lot of
bass plus you get this cool audio puck
to control volume and inputs shoutout to
those physical dials but let's see if we
can tidy up the cables minimize the
setup to the essentials ah much better
let's switch to the Logitech MX anywhere
2 s mouse I love this Mouse by the way
for you video editors on the go this is
kind of a must-have it does have the
horizontal scroll for time lines and
then we'll add an elgato Thunderbolt 3
dock ooh
clean you can run a single cable to the
laptop and everything else through the
dock and the monitor the dock has two
Thunderbolt three two USB 3.1 gen2
Ethernet SD card slot in much much more
our third and final set up that's for
you digital artists this will help you
power through those Lightroom Photoshop
and illustrator edits again you only
need one simple Thunderbolt 3 cable to
the elgato dock and everything else will
be wireless using my trusty Magic Mouse
Hey I still love the Magic Mouse it's
like top 3 fav mice fight me and a
keyboard and I feel right at home
editing photos replying to email and
surfing the web back to the LG monitor
the IPS display covers 98% of the DCI p3
color space which is the digital film
standard so if you're doing important
color work fear not this
monitor has you covered it delivers 60
watts of power so even though it will
charge all us PC power laptops the
smaller MacBooks and ultrabooks will
have the best charging experience over
the 1 cable I hope you'll enjoy those
setups everything I mentioned is linked
in the description below and of course
this beautiful LLG monitor Thank You LG
for sponsoring this video hope you
enjoyed it let me know if you have any
questions down below I'll make sure to
go in there say what's up I'm very happy
to have this setup going and I wonder
what we should replace with my broken
monitor over here there's something
missing over here Oh No so let me know
if you liked this video hit that
subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week check out my
podcast that creative life new episodes
on Monday I love the gold Oh Bigsby
be quiet fix V and until next time guys
stay peachy okay bye e I was supposed to
my okay bye I put the hand over and then
you and how am i exposed okay bye when
the cameras over there okay bye
you